You guys welcome back to where we did last time missile.
This looks a little more similar to my final version.
This one what we didn't do is add this checkmarked though.
And the reason I didn't do the last video is because in this video on the show you really really useful
tool which gives you access to thousands of icons.
They can change colour to use if you like.
So what we do is is download something called ikons 8.
You don't actually have to download this but I do recommend it.
You can simply use it from the website.
If you go to Google and type in icons.
8.
I like that.
And go to the top one.
You get to this Web site here and this is the Web site that gives you access to so many cool icons.
And if you've ever developed anything before you might know how much you are paying is to find arkan's
a match what this star you won in the colour and the right quality too.
So this Web site is one of the best resources I've found since I've started developing.
And they're not paying me for this or anything so I'm not plugging this on my behalf but I just really
really found it useful I spent so long.
And for icons.
But this website actually only found this very recently and I wish I found it sooner.
So if you go to ikons or just shows one of the icons they offer you see if I click on I was 10 or something
like that you get icons fireworks wear style like this.
But also great windows 10.
You have icons that kind of match Windows 10 style.
If you go to no colour you see we have coloured icons like this.
But also if I go in search of something a user user icon for a navigation bar or something you say can
do a bunch of different users that we can use to icon and say I was 10 for Iris 10 you see.
IOW 10 styro ones.
What's also good is we can change the colour of all these as well.
And if you don't want to download this you can do a search on this website and then click download here
and it allows to download it because it change the resolution as well.
So I can make the a smaller economy a bigger icon and you also click generate a dml which will do this
for you.
Give you the 18 now you need to display your economy page.
The only thing is if you do use these you will have to give them credit for the Archons you use if you
don't have that pay plan so you don't have to buy anything is free to use.
But there are some limitations if it's free you can only use PRNG firehose you.
The maximum size you can take is an injured pixels.
You can still download the app for it which gives you all the icons off line but you do have to as it
says here linked to this Web site.
And what that means is when you use it you have to give credit saying I've got my icon from I can't
say.
Okay so you do is now you have a paid on your website like credits or something when you click on AOL
say our funds provided by our account.
I actually do have the unlimited plan so I can export my files to svga.
Yes anything like that.
It's really really good.
Like I say not being paid for anything this is not what that is but I just really think this is useful.
So we'll go ahead and download this.
Now you just click download and you click on day app like that and it should stop download for you.
Or I should say will do that when you click on it download our icons apron.
So I really have it in stores.
We're not going to say it again but you can go ahead and do that.
And then when you have it in stores or close tabs down now when you have it now you show you you open
it up.
This is app it gives you an app like this.
So it's only a click away from the Apple disappears.
It's up here in my case.
But you can click it down there and you have access to all of those icons and maybe I want an arrow
or something.
But all these different kinds of arrows to use can get different styles maybe in development and to
a device or a couple of hours like that or I can choose my hours here I can change the colour this way
so far and make it green.
I can do or blue and you change the colour of all of these icons.
So maybe I will do this I can't but I will in yellow or something like that.
I can do that or if I want in blue like that.
But I actually want this to be in the spotfire grinker.
Let me just inspect darling get that colour.
So I'll go to here and you see that in a log in text.
H1 we use the Spotify I agree here on a copy that colour code here and then go back to our icon day
and gonna make these all green.
And I'm going search for check or check mark.
You see right here we have one you've got to one.
I'll just bet you are one of the slightly thinner and then the slightly larger.
And if they get smaller or larger I can do it up here because a hundred pixels at the moment is a bit
too large for an eye I don't want to be that big.
It would take too long to own website so we can actually just make this into a paint 25 that's actually
fine.
So use being 25 and you can just drag that into your folder.
But let me just make sure I have my folder open so ascites images and we want to train our icons for
the inside of the images folder.
So in there in SBM just folder and just create a new folder.
Our marketing Comanche of Dan neuquen do file new folder and just name it icons like that.
And inside the icons folder you can now just drag from icons 8 into there.
And you see changes to a checkmark.
And we're going to just rename this to just check mark like that.
Okay check mark doppie N G.
And that means we can go back to our success file.
And inside here we're just going to say background you are L and practices like that and it's out there
do dot dot last quarter and go up one folder because lambrusco says file it's currently in here.
I'm going to go up one folder here and into the images folder images slash cons slash check mark dot
E and G like that case VAP go back to here and refresh the page and hopefully we'll see a checkmark
which you do.
But that's not great it's repeating it.
Oh I know I forgot to do after this.
We only need to do.
No.
Repeat like that.
That.
And then it's also in the wrong place.
And I think on top ahead I think we just do 0 0 which is just there X on Y positions.
OK.
So still not quite right inspect element on that.
And it might be the padding we need to play with padding driving this 0 10.
Yeah.
It moves over more if I change at 10.
So if I move that 10 more you'll see that it moves.
How long sakin do they pixels there.
And if I won do someone toppan barn I can do like that.
Interstice do five pixels in five pixels do in five pixels on top and bottom and 30 pixels left and
right.
Okay.
And that's it.
We have our checkmarks there and don't get ratty about style in your see.
While that moment if you refresh the page it won't be there.
So don't you see a SAS file and logging text Elvira here changed the padding to 5 x 30 acts like that.
So that's it.
Obviously you don't download icons.
You have to maybe have your own icons or maybe you want to find your own online.
But I just really really love this.
I wish more people knew about it so I went every down in icons in this cause I'll be using this app.
But like I said when I do that you can just take your icons from where you want.